The following files are generated by this script.

- [`colors/spring-night.vim`](../colors/sprint-night.vim)
- [`autoload/airline/themes/spring_night.vim`](../autoload/airline/themes/spring_night.vim)
- [`alacritty/sprint_night.toml`](../alacritty/sprint_night.toml)

This script requires Rust toolchain. Install it by following the [official instruction](https://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/install.html)
and confirm that `cargo` command is available for package management.

To generate files:

```
$ cargo run -- --dir ..
```

Without `--dir` option, it dumps generated contents to stdout. Please see `--help` for more detail.

To run tests:

```
$ cargo test
```

To build a release binary:

```
$ cargo build --release
$ ./target/release/gen-spring-night-theme --dir ..
```

To modify colors or highlights, you can update tables and lists in `src/main.rs`.

- `Palette` in [`palette` module](./src/palette.rs) is a struct to define colors. `Palette::default`
  method constructs the instance. You can find the color palette inside the function body.
- `Colorscheme` in [`colorscheme` module](./src/colorscheme.rs) is a struct to generate Vim
  colorscheme file. `ColorschemeWriter::new` method constructs the definition of highlights. Read
  the function body to know/modify the highlights for each syntax items. The terminal colors used in
  `:terminal` are also defined here.
- `AirlineTheme` in [`airline` module](./src/airline.rs) is a struct to generate [vim-airline](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline)
  theme file. `AirlineThemeWriter::new` method defines color palettes for each modes.
- `AlacrittyTheme` in [`alacritty` module](./src/alacritty.rs) is a struct to generate [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org/)
  theme file. `AlacrittyTheme::new` method defines the terminal ANSI colors.
